[docs] Update `ThemeProvider` API link (#29573)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/customization/theming/theming.md

  );
}
```

### `ThemeProvider`

> This component takes a `theme` prop, and makes it available down the React tree thanks to the context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component takes a `theme` prop and applies it to the entire React tree that it is wrapping around.
```

I suggest this to point out that `ThemeProvider` applies the received `theme` only to what it's wrapping around.
